README.md, before:

DRAKVUF
=======

Introduction
------

DRAKVUF is a virtualization based agentless black-box binary analysis system. DRAKVUF
allows for in-depth execution tracing of arbitrary binaries (including operating
systems), all without having to install any special software within the virtual machine
used for analysis.

Hardware requirements
------

DRAKVUF uses hardware virtualization extensions found in Intel CPUs. You will need an
Intel CPU with virtualization support (VT-x) and with Extended Page Tables (EPT). DRAKVUF
 is not going to work on any other CPUs (such as AMD) or on Intel CPUs without the
required virtualization extensions.

Supported guests
------

DRAKVUF currently supports:
 - Windows 7 - 8, both 32 and 64-bit
 - Windows 10 64-bit
 - Linux 2.6.x - 5.x, both 32-bit and 64-bit
 
Malware analysis
------

DRAKVUF provides a perfect platform for stealthy malware analysis as its footprint is
nearly undectebable from the malware's perspective. While DRAKVUF has been mainly
developed with malware analysis in mind, it is certainly not limited to that task as it
can be used to monitor the execution of arbitrary binaries.

More information can be found on the project website: https://drakvuf.com

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tklengyel/drakvuf.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tklengyel/drakvuf)
<a href="https://scan.coverity.com/projects/tklengyel-drakvuf">
  <img alt="Coverity Scan Build Status"
       src="https://scan.coverity.com/projects/3238/badge.svg"/>
</a>

Commit message:

Update README to link to binary packages

README.md, after:

DRAKVUF
=======

Introduction
------

DRAKVUF is a virtualization based agentless black-box binary analysis system. DRAKVUF
allows for in-depth execution tracing of arbitrary binaries (including operating
systems), all without having to install any special software within the virtual machine
used for analysis.

Hardware requirements
------

DRAKVUF uses hardware virtualization extensions found in Intel CPUs. You will need an
Intel CPU with virtualization support (VT-x) and with Extended Page Tables (EPT). DRAKVUF
 is not going to work on any other CPUs (such as AMD) or on Intel CPUs without the
required virtualization extensions.

Supported guests
------

DRAKVUF currently supports:
 - Windows 7 - 8, both 32 and 64-bit
 - Windows 10 64-bit
 - Linux 2.6.x - 5.x, both 32-bit and 64-bit

Pre-built Debian packages
-------
You can find pre-built Debian packages of the latest DRAKVUF builds at
https://github.com/tklengyel/drakvuf-builds/releases
 
Malware analysis
------

DRAKVUF provides a perfect platform for stealthy malware analysis as its footprint is
nearly undectebable from the malware's perspective. While DRAKVUF has been mainly
developed with malware analysis in mind, it is certainly not limited to that task as it
can be used to monitor the execution of arbitrary binaries.

More information can be found on the project website: https://drakvuf.com

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tklengyel/drakvuf.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tklengyel/drakvuf)
<a href="https://scan.coverity.com/projects/tklengyel-drakvuf">
  <img alt="Coverity Scan Build Status"
       src="https://scan.coverity.com/projects/3238/badge.svg"/>
</a>
